## Professional Statement

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I am a new cybersecurity analyst with a passion for networking. Networking is a passion that I have recently rediscovered; networks have always fascinated me and learning to build a home network has been an incredible journey. Cybersecurity is incredibly valuable to me as someone who has worked with HIPAA data and had accounts stolen due to database breaches. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I have strong verbal and written communication skills that were developed when I ran a BaseCamp Marketing and co-ran MKE Marketing Meetup. Communicating with clients and freelancers was regularly part of my job as the owner of BaseCamp Marketing. At MKE Marketing Meetup, organizing the monthly events was my strong suit. By developing strong relationships with local marketing experts and businesses, I was able to create engaging and insightful events each and every month. Many of these connections donated their time by giving presentations about their marketing niche and donated space for events. 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I also have a strong analytical mind that was built during my time in college as a philosophy major. Since rekindling my interest in computers and networking, I have converted an old PC tower into an SSH server. Focusing on practicing security, I implemented SSH hardening tactics, learned iptables to configure my firewall, and installed Suricata on my local server. I also created a cloud SIEM by installing Wazuh on a DigitalOcean droplet and manage connections via reverse proxy through Nginx Proxy Manager. The cloud SIEM and Nginx are containerized using Docker.   

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cybersecurity is a good fit because I highly value consumer data. The protection of data is extremely important. Learning about old hacks and breaches, new vulnerabilities, and how to protect against them is valuable to me. I also believe in proper adherence to policies and procedures that are developed for the protection of businesses, customers, and employees. 

